#personal

Finally I feel like writing after a long while.
I am still alone if you're wondering. Hope you at least have one friend.
The reason I didn't write anything is because I didn't even think, like about anything.
Even tho the activities I do are not the most mind relieving things, like playing LoL and BF4 while watching streams
I can still use them pretty well to force myself to not think.
I has come to a point where I genuinely believe my intelligence or ability to think has degraded in the past years.
When something required me to think I always ran away from it.
I didn't go to school for two years while lying to my family by making up stories about my day at the school.

They say don't compare yourself to others only compare yourself to your past self.
Well, I do that and it doesn't help. When I compare myself to pandemic times. I have not found the same motivation or passion since then
What I have learned and built at that year still makes up 70% of my skill level which I am rapidly losing.

On the brighter side when I compare myself to my junior year. I have made some small progress. Maybe like 10%.
All those periods of short motivation somehow adds up and I at least have more concepts outlined in my mind.
Also I think I look better and maybe healthier too.

I've acknowledged the effects of loneliness on me a couple months ago.
I don't even remember what was it like to have someone you can share parts of your life with.

These might sound like I am in a terrible mental state but since I'm able to write this. I think I can say I am doing alright in my own standards.
I just want to be something I like. Maybe someone who builds something good. that can be a project, friendship, career, body, or it might just be providing value to something.

