its not 2020 its fucking 2024
why do I still think Im lovong in 2020
I answered the question "when did you enroll in our university?" as 2020 too

today I managed to cry In a long time, It wasn't painfull as whatever I was doing before. I think rhis was the first time since my childhood or since the death of my uncle.
It was triggered by a twitter comment under a scott manley post where he talked about how amazing the starship meco and seperation as opposed to how that process killed the N1 years ago at this day.
The comment was just "Looks like spacex has tamed the moster that killed N1"
Idk, it is not the most impressive or touching or insiprational quote and a bit cliche. But you know I really like stories that combine science with fantasy/religion and this is one of them.
the moment I've read it I really liked it but a second later I felt gratitude
for that someone wrote this beautiful phrase.
and that feeling resonated with how I think a lot about lately.
it is that how everthing around me were created by a lot of hard working humans throughout the history including me. There is this common view of Ataturk that we turks wouldnt be alive today without him. As he was the one that saved our nation from getting completely invaded and split apart. I agree with this and we were thought about this in school but I don't think people realize what this means. at least I didn't until recently. I think the purpose of it is not to praise ataturk but it is to show how a single person can lead a wave of changes among a nation an its people.

Okay I've actually lost my train of thought as it started going into a different direction that what I intended to write.

I just want to say that a lot of humans put in work, even if not all of them enjoyed it, they did it for something they enjoy. Be that a father working for his children, Or someone who values their life and want it ti be better.

I was a baby concieved to fix a collapsing mariage. I know this bacuse my grandma told me everything and I found the suicidal notes my dad wrote at the time. I do not feel anything about this information other that how insanely memetic it is. It is just there in my mind I never told about it to anyone or thought about it deeply. I just learned it once and it sits there.


The clothes I wear were made by machines that are made by brilliant inventors and engineers
